Use recommended drivers and licensed car companies.
Do a quick visual inspection of the vehicle, it should look clean and well maintained.
The driver should be the only occupant.
Do the seatbelts, locks and windows work?
If travelling by taxi, check the meter & licence.
Chat to the driver.
Confirm they are sober, know the destination,
and there are no language issues.
Sit in the rear and wear your seatbelt.
This is the safest position in the event of a crash.
Keep your valuables in a bag at your feet.
Don't be distracted and remain observant during your journey.
Pay the driver inside the taxi.
Double check you haven't left anything behind.
If you are involved in a road traffic incident, let the driver deal with it.
Comply with legal requirements, but wait in a safe place.
Call your emergency contacts to let them know what has happened.